Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Microservice 1024.2.0 (#4332)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-2-0-fixed-the-error-message-in-the-api-for-trying-to-un-assign-a-non-device-to-an-asset-ctm-2739-2714.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Fixed the error message in the API for trying to (un)assign a non-device to an Asset"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Improved the error message from the API when trying to (un)assign a non-device to an asset"
```

> title: "Fixed the error message in the API for trying to (un)assign a non-device to an Asset [CTM-2739] (#2714)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Fixed the error message in the API for trying to (un)assign a non-device to an Asset"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"

> ticket: ""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ticket: "CTM-2739"
```

version: "1024.2.0"
---

> Previously, there was an inconsistency in the error message of the REST

Reviewer: Previously, the error message returned when attempting to assign or unassign a non-device to an asset was inconsistent. The error message format has been standardized. This fix improves error handling consistency.

Reviewer: @lara-c8y The actual result from the Ai was:

Previously, the error message returned when attempting to assign or unassign a non-device to an asset was inconsistent with other Digital Twin Manager error messages. The error message format has been standardized to align with the established structure used throughout Digital Twin Manager.

This fix improves error handling consistency. Existing error handling logic in your applications continues to work without modification.

But I´m not sure if this is correct, so I shortened it.

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen, this changelog is for the DTM microservice REST API. What is the best way to indicate that in the changelog so that it is not confused with the error messages we show on UI?

Reviewer: Suggestion: Previously, the error message returned from the RestAPI when attempting to assign or unassign a non-device to an asset was inconsistent. The error message format has been standardized. This fix improves error handling consistency.

Reviewer 2: Applied the suggestion

> API when trying to assign or unassign a non-device to/from an Asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API when trying to assign or unassign a non-device to/from an asset.
```

> This has been fixed now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the error message returned from the RestAPI when attempting to assign or unassign a non-device to an asset was inconsistent. The error message format has been standardized. This fix improves error handling consistency.
```
